[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Will you please give a very
warm and wonderful welcome
for Mr. Emery Smith?
[APPLAUSE AND CHEERING]
>> Are you ready
to rock and roll?
>> I got to use the
bathroom real quick.
>> No.
[LAUGHTER]
I'm going to start by telling
everybody how I met Emery.
I've known Emery--
he just reminded me--
since 2007.
I was a consultant on the film
"Sirius" with Dr. Michael--
with Dr. Steven Greer.
I'm sorry.
And we were down in
Crestone, Colorado.
And I was reminding you, when
I met you guys running around
the desert out there,
and I was just there
to watch the filming
of this documentary.
And I'm watching Emery,
who's giving his 150%.
You did the photographing
of the two UFOs
that I showed this morning.
And we had a lot of cameras
at that time because it
was going to be a movie.
>> 17.
>> Yeah.
And I just thought he was
there as an assistant.
I had no idea.
I didn't have the-- because
he didn't talk about it.
So this is how I met Emery.
And later on as a journalist, I
think it was a year and a half
ago when his story came out.
I already knew him.
And I was also part
of the Atacama being
because I am the one that
arranged for Emery and Dr.
Greer to go to Barcelona
because I have contacts
all over the world.
And I knew the woman
that was picking them up.
And I knew they were
going to the hospital.
And I helped with
all that because I'm
kind of the bridge
with all this stuff.
>> The autopsy would have--
and the DNA extraction that
I did, by the way, assisted
by my colleagues, would
never have happened
if it wasn't for Paola Harris.
[APPLAUSE]
>> And Emery will
probably tell you,
he's the one doing the actual
extraction of the tissue
because he's the medical person
that was doing it, wasn't it?
>> I was with two emergency
room surgeons though.
But they wanted me to do it.
>> They wanted you to do it.
>> I wonder why.
I get harassed about this.
>> But yeah, but anyway,
he's the one that--
it's his hands that
are doing that.
And so that's my
background with Emery.
And then I did an article on him
that went viral in my magazine,
"XTimes," in Rome,
two articles on you.
So the Italians know
about this case.
It's a case for me
because I'm a journalist.
So I'm very honored, Emery, to
have a conversation with you
right now here at the
Consciousness Life Expo.
It's my honor to ask
you the questions
that everybody else
here wants answered.
But as I heard him this
morning, how many people
heard Emery on the
panel this morning?
Raise your hands.
Oh, wow.
He started out, and I
was thinking to myself,
I hope he repeats what
he says because he
didn't just spontaneously
combust and cut him out
of the woodwork.
You started with your
background, Emery.
You started with how
you got into this,
and how your family was
in the armed forces,
all different branches
of the armed forces.
So let's start with that.
In your early days, you
had mentioned contact.
And then you mentioned wanting
to go into the armed forces.
You want to start that way.
>> When I was around
seven years old,
living on a
self-sustainable farm--
I was born in Plainfield,
New Jersey, by the way,
and grew up in that area.
We moved and bought
a farm-- my family
did-- in Southern Florida,
a self-sustainable farm.
My dad said, if you can't
make it, we don't need it.
And he was a mechanic and
an electrical engineer.
So I got to learn really quick.
I was the one changing all
the oil and all the tractors
at age 9, and also
learning how to change out
piston rings at age
10, and also learning
how to make solar panels,
and things like that.
So I was-- my mom and dad
were really educational
for me starting, basically,
at a very, very young age.
And then I was visited,
around the time that--
what year did "Close Encounters
of the Third Kind" come out?
Was that '70--
>> Around '78.
>> '78, I think.
Yeah.
It was around that time.
I was called outside.
And I've been known for
sleepwalking and stuff.
But I was actually
watching TV or something.
And it wasn't normal--
it was very normal for me
to go out in the farm at night.
It wasn't very late.
It was probably 9:00, 9:30.
I remember walking outside.
And I went out on the dock.
We had a little 20-foot dock
that went out on this lake,
like a one acre lake.
And this craft just came
right on down, just big disk.
And there was
three people in it.
And it was like, this
communication came through.
But I didn't really
understand it.
And then it just
enfolded in itself,
and dematerialized, and left.
But I wasn't scared.
It was a very beautiful feeling
with this very beautiful
bluish green light.
And I walked back inside.
And I said to my parents, I just
saw this craft over the lake.
And they looked at each other.
And they said, OK, just
don't talk about it [LAUGHS]
to anyone.
And I said, OK.
So they knew something
that I didn't know.
But on their deathbeds,
they did tell me a lot
the few weeks before
they had passed away.
And I got a lot of it on film.
And I was like, why didn't
you guys ever tell me
about all this?
They go, well, you never asked.
So it was a very educational
experience for me,
growing up on this
farm, and running around
in my cut-off jean shorts,
and feeding all the animals,
and always being grounded,
or up and in a tree.
I liked being up in the trees.
And that was fun.
So I think that had a lot to
do with where I wanted to go.
So at age 13, I joined
Civil Air Patrol,
which is a auxiliary of
the Air Force for kids
who may or may not want
to go into the military
at some point.
And you get an advanced
rank if you go in,
if you serve in Civil
Air Patrol for this.
So at age 13, I joined
Civil Air Patrol
and was flying planes at age 15.
And then, from there, I
also joined the Army ROTC.
And the Army gave
me a scholarship
to fly helicopters,
which I turned down
because I saw "Top Gun."
And I was like, my
dad was in the Navy.
My grandfather was in the Army.
But I'm going Air Forces.
That sounds cool, Air Force.
And I want to fly
in an F-15 Eagle.
But at the same time--
some of you guys already
heard this story.
It was on the panel.
I just love biology,
whether it's human, animal,
or whatever.
I grew up in a
farm, giving birth
to animals, and all this stuff.
And I remember I
was playing soccer.
And the shoes were so tight.
And I had a big wide
foot that I kept
getting these ingrown toenails.
I'd go to the podiatrist.
And he said, you may want to
turn around for this, son.
I said why?
What are you going to do?
He's like, I'm going to
have to numb your foot.
And I'm going to have to
take your toenail off.
I said, wow, this is cool.
I said, do it.
So he did it.
And I watched it.
And then I was like,
it inspired me.
Like, wow, you just took
all that pain away from me
by taking my toenail off.
Now, I can play soccer
again and get this
done six months later again.
And what's funny is--
and I never talked about this.
When I got out of
the military, I
developed this a platelet
rich plasma system.
It was patented, the first
patented platelet rich plasma
system and the first
stem cell concentrator.
I mean, you can look it up and
see all my patents I've done.
I ended up 10, 15 years later
meeting the doctor, when
I was 13, taking
my toenails off,
and he started using
my platelet rich plasma
concentrator for diabetic care.
And he had to go through
my course to get certified.
I mean, you can't make this up.
So it was very funny.
And then, of course, I joined
the military at age 18--
I was registered two
years ahead of time--
and went into a special
medical program.
And it had to do with
surgical technology.
They call it the--
at that time, it was called
a surgical apprenticeship
program.
And that led me into also
being an EMT, and also
being a surgical first assist.
For you guys, before
there were RNFAs,
they were using
technicians in the military
for the surgical first
assisting in every aspect
from eye surgery,
GYN, to open heart.
And so I had a really
good understanding.
10 different ways how to
remove an appendix because I
worked with 10
different surgeons.
10 different-- 10
different cardiologists,
10 different heart surgeons
harvesting the saphenous vein
and doing bypass graft surgery,
all this kind of things.
And then I became an instructor
for them, for the military,
for these cadets
and these students.
And I was asked to
do a moonlighting
job, my moonlighting position.
And it wasn't too explicit
of what I was doing.
But they said, I would be
doing some organ harvesting.
So I thought I was
signing up to do
organ harvesting for fallen
soldiers that have almost
passed away.
But they're still--
they're brain dead.
But we take their
organs, and then
use them for other soldiers
that could need them,
or for civilians.
And that definitely
was not the case.
I was getting pieces
of tissue samples
that did not look like
human tissue, whatsoever.
>> Did you question
it at all, Emery?
>> I sure-- well, the thing
is there's this long drawn out
process for the security, number
one, to get into these things,
and a huge book that
you're not going to read,
but you have to sign it.
It's like an NDA.
And one of the things I just
remember, the top 10 of them,
was you're not allowed
to ask anything
about the sample, where it
came from, or anything else.
If we tell you to
go in here and take
a sample of the
tendon, or the muscle,
or whatever they want me
to do, that's all you do.
And you put it in a special
sealed nitrogen Vacutainer
and put it through the wall.
[PHONE RINGING]
[LAUGHTER]
And then we put it
through the wall.
And that's it.
And you don't get to
really know anything,
in the beginning phase because
they're testing you out.
We'll make sure you're going
to keep your mouth shut.
You're not going to go
home, and talk about it
to your dormmates, and whatnot.
So I was really good
at keeping secrets.
>> And also, I mean,
blood didn't bother you.
Surgery didn't bother you.
You weren't freaked
out by anything.
>> Well, I mean, everyone--
you have to understand,
growing up on a farm,
you're getting cut up.
And you get injured a
lot is what I'll say.
So blood was not a big deal.
But I do remember through
my medical training,
the first case they put me
in was a pilonidal cyst.
How many people
know what that is?
I'll just have to
say, it has to do
with the buttocks and the anus.
And there's a giant thing there.
And we cut it with a laser.
And it exploded over everyone.
And everyone started vomiting.
And then I just walked
outside and fainted.
And I'm like,
there was no blood.
It was just putrid.
So then that wakes
you up pretty quick.
And then you go back in.
You get up.
And you go back.
And you do your thing.
And then you get used to it.
And you're numb
to all this stuff.
Emergency surgery, we're
sitting there operating.
Someone's bleeding out,
a lot of suicide victims.
I remember one guy came in, an
Asian guy, he cut his wrist.
He cut his throat.
And he cut his ankles.
And he was on the table.
And stabbed-- the last thing
he did is took the sword
and stabbed himself
in the heart.
And he came in.
And we opened up the chest.
And the nurses, one of the
nurses started freaking out.
And she was new to
the trauma surgery.
And the doctor and I were
working, doing our thing.
But it was messing the
energy up of the team there
because she was
screaming, actually.
And the doctor just stopped, and
looked up, and said, everyone,
this is not you on the table.
So everyone took a deep breath,
and everything was fine.
And it worked out.
>> So let's go on to--
and by the way,
could you tell us
what year you started doing
these other tissue samples?
>> I joined the military
on August 7, 1990,
the United States Air Force.
I was part of Desert Storm,
Desert Shield, of course.
I belonged to an air
transportable hospital,
A-10 base, England Air
Force Base in Louisiana.
And shortly after that,
I was transferred over
to Kirtland Air Force
Base, Albuquerque, New
Mexico because they
closed that base down.
Our air transportable hospital
is basically deployed anywhere
in the world with two C-130s.
And we can set up
a city in 24 hours
and a full-functioning hospital.
So I was part of that.
I was a field medic.
We were stationed, that
group was stationed
30 miles north of Riyadh during
the Desert Storm, Desert Shield
era.
>> Do you want to describe
Kirtland when you got there?
You said the base
was closed down.
>> Oh, that was England
Air Force Base, Louisiana,
with the A-10s.
Then I got to go over to
Kirtland Air Force Base.
And I was working jointly
with the VA medical center
and the actual military
hospital are connected.
So we were basically serving
the military and the VA,
which are two separate
entities but connected.
And that's where I became
one of the managing
indirectly about
20, 25 technicians
and surgical first assistants.
And it was also a
training facility
where they would
send a dozen students
over to learn how to
do surgical technology
and surgical first assisting.
So I was managing
that temporarily.
And that's when I
was approached--
>> --for moonlighting.
>> --for the moonlighting job.
>> --moonlighting job,
the job, the extra job.
So describe a little bit,
the facility, and then
your first impact.
>> Well, number one,
where I had to go,
I thought was going to be
at the hospital, of course,
where I always go.
But it wasn't.
It was on base.
It was actually
inside Sandia Labs,
which is a base within a base,
which goes down very deep,
by the way, many levels, and
very high security, three
or four different
security sections
you have to go through.
And it was very
close to my dorm,
so I could bike
there or walk there.
And what would
happen is you would
go to this-- it looked like
a fire tower, to be honest.
And that was the
entry point first.
So you'd get in these elevators,
and go down just a few floors.
And you would check in.
You have a little badge.
And they do-- they already had
retinal scans, and handprint,
and all that stuff too.
They
Had these dogs that were there
that were really fascinating.
And they could smell things,
like viruses, or bacteria
on you, or chemicals.
And they were trained for
this because they didn't
want to infect anything that--
down below because it
could be catastrophic,
bringing in these things.
You go through the special
sterilization rooms
and get zapped.
And then you change
out into your suits.
And you have a little--
what you guys would
think was an iPad.
And this was in
1992, by the way.
But it was see-through.
It was clear.
It accepted this little
round disk, like a little CD.
Remember the little CD-ROMs?
Those little CDs, you know?
I don't know if anyone
uses those anymore.
But it was like a little
CD, and it popped in.
And it told you where
you're going, what floor.
And the floors were all colored.
I mean, it's white.
Everything's white and seamless.
But they all have these really
fiberoptic lines in them.
So I might be in operating room
Red 46 or Pink 72 that day.
And I was always escorted.
And we had these
little wristbands
they put on when you get there.
You're always being tracked.
So you can't go off the course.
You follow your line
to where you're going.
No one knows-- you
don't know what's
going on in the operating
room next to you.
These are all vacuum sealed.
So there's two
compartmentalized areas
before you go
inside these things.
So first, you have to put
this suit on, by the way.
And it has its own biometric
system inside of it
that measures my heart
rate, and my blood pressure,
and if I'm sweating, or
if I'm getting nervous.
And there was one time I did
get a little weirded out when
I first saw my first full body.
And they're like Smith, you OK?
And I'm like, man, they
know my heart rate's up.
Yeah, it's like a lie detector.
And I'm like, deep breath.
I'm like, oh yeah, I'm fine.
This is great.
>> Now, you might want to
elaborate your full body
of an extraterrestrial, right?
Yeah?
>> My first full body
extraterrestrial, correct.
Yeah.
>> And can you, I mean, without
going into any gory details,
could you tell us
what that looked like?
And it was obviously
deceased, right?
>> Yes.
It was deceased, of course.
All the specimens I
got were deceased.
I didn't (CHUCKLING) cut
open a live anything.
That would be horrific.
So anyway, I did take a sample.
So anyway, this was
a small 4-foot being.
It was mesomorphic,
we would call,
in body somatotypes,
which is like
a small little bodybuilder.
And it was blue.
And it had very big eyes.
And it had very long hair.
And it had very, very
small hands and feet.
>> Describe the hair.
What was the hair like?
>> The hair was black.
And it was very, very thick.
Yeah.
And you know I've
done lots of these
because I explained different
ones, like I did earlier today.
And I was going in there just
to take out one of the organs.
And what's surprising is they
all have a head and two arms,
and two legs.
And I really thought,
after a couple of these,
that maybe they're just
growing these things.
Maybe they're clones.
Or I wasn't really sure
they were extraterrestrial.
And I wasn't allowed to ask
until later on down the road.
So that led me, of course,
going home at night,
going what is going on?
What are they doing?
What are they making?
And I can't say anything.
Can you imagine being exposed
to something and you're not
allowed to say what is this?
Where did it come from?
How did you get it?
So it does-- it messes with you.
But thank goodness I
kept my mouth shut.
And later on during
the projects,
I was able to see craft
as well and more bodies.
>> And also live beings.
>> And then I got to meet live
extraterrestrials that would
work hand-in-hand with me,
that were types of surgeons.
And that was a very
exciting moment.
>> OK, so you started
with tissue samples.
And you went on to
the full bodied.
And then they
began to trust you.
Is that why you went
on to different levels?
>> Yeah, every quarter,
how well you perform,
and how often you really
wanted to be there--
it's up to you, by the way.
It's not like you have to.
You actually volunteered
and signed the paper.
But they're very lenient because
they go through a lot of people
because not everyone
can keep it shut.
And by the way, just
to clear the air,
a couple of my
colleagues on the show
have said, oh, well, Emery
Smith did 3,000 autopsies
on 3,000 different ETs.
That's not true.
I could do 28
specimens, just pieces
of meat, pieces of muscle,
pieces of brain or material
in one day.
So it's not like
I had all those--
those were not all full bodies.
That's a misleading thing
you hear online about me.
These were just tissue samples.
I've only maybe seen,
maybe, 300, 350 full bodies,
or torsos, or whatever,
different parts of the bodies.
>> OK, so the progression of the
chronology of this is then it
has to go somewhere.
And you also said, I
think I remember you said,
it paid well.
So you wanted to buy a
motorcycle, or something.
That's why you continued.
>> Well, I was very young.
And I loved my job
working in the Air Force,
doing all these amazing things.
And every time they
had an opportunity
to take a class, or whatever,
and it was for free, of course,
and I was signing
up for everything
because I loved the
opportunity of education
for free, number one.
And I also love to be part of
something that was classified.
It was exciting.
But at the same time, I wasn't
really that conscious enough,
at that moment, to really
grasp what was happening.
I wanted-- I did it
because it was extra money.
I could have went off base
and worked at Burger King.
I probably shouldn't
have said that.
>> No as exciting
as this, but yeah.
So what we're dealing with now
is a progression in your life
where, evidently,
you were trusted
enough to go from the
autopsies to interaction.
But I'm going to add
something as a researcher.
Somebody down the line must
have known you had contact.
And that you could
maybe interact.
>> I think they did because
after joining the auxiliary
of the Air Force at 13, I was
approached a lot right after
that.
And you do these ASVAB
tests, and things like this,
to get into the military.
And it shows like, OK, this
guy would be good at mechanics.
This guy would be good
at scrubbing toilets.
And this guy would be
good at mathematics.
And this guy would
be good as a pilot.
And I took that test.
But then, every month,
they would take me back
to MacDill Air Force Base
and say, my recruiter,
and this is all
throughout my life saying,
oh, we want to do
some more testing.
Would you be up for that?
And I said, yeah, sure.
And it was cool because it had
to do with problem solving.
It had to do with
geometric shapes.
It had to do with things that
I never really thought about.
>> IQ testing too, probably.
>> For sure, they were
probably doing this.
So I think they kind
of had a plan for me
before I even knew
what was going on.
>> Before you knew
were you were going.
>> Because they really talked
me out of the flying the jet,
which really upset me.
>> You wanted to be "Top Gun."
I know.
We got that.
>> Because Tom Cruise was in the
jet, and he had the motorcycle.
And I wanted the
motorcycle and the jet.
>> Do you ever wish you
went down that path?
>> Well, I actually got to--
>> Do that.
>> --fly small
planes, of course.
And I got to fly in a lot of
jets, T-38s, and F-16s, F-15s.
But I wasn't the pilot.
>> You weren't "Top Gun."
>> Yeah, I wasn't "Top Gun."
[LAUGHTER]
But you know what?
I did get a fast motorcycle.
[LAUGHTER]
And I did have my own flight
suit, and I looked pretty cool.
>> OK, well, let's go
to-- because everything--
everybody that is here, I think,
really wants to know people
that experienced ETs.
And of course, we all get
asked, are they good or bad?
Are they all coming to eat us?
Are they-- what
are they here for?
All of these
questions that we get
asked all the time
as researchers--
so can you describe
a little bit,
your interaction in
the beginning days
with the live ETs?
>> Well, the first few
times that I met live ETs,
they were Tall Whites.
They looked very similar to us.
Their ears, and cartilage
in their nose and ears
were very different.
It was smaller, a
little bit pointier.
And their lips were smaller.
They were very tall.
They were at least a
foot taller than me.
And I'm 6 foot 4.
But they're very
ectomorphic, which
means they were long,
lean-boned people.
>> No fat people.
>> I never saw--
well, I did see this--
it was like a bulbulous
blob type ET one time--
>> Oh, really?
>> --that could
turn into anything.
It was really neat.
>> He could morph.
>> It could morph.
Yeah, it was very interesting.
But so my first experiences
actually looking at one
at a board table, kind of
thing, and they told us,
there's going to be
three of them in there.
And this is after two years
of me being in the projects.
It took that long for
me to get to that level.
And they said, we're
going to be working--
you're going to be working
with this person-- this person.
They said person
who's of not of Earth
origin, an extraterrestrial.
And they're going
to be helping you.
You're going to be
assisting them, actually,
on an autopsy of one
of their own kind.
So that's when we
had to start to learn
the language of telepathy.
And that was probably one of
the most amazing experiences
of my life because there are
no secrets with telepathy.
So they know everything
that's in my crazy head.
And so there's no secrets.
But they're very comical.
And they're very funny.
And when I'm grab--
it's like, when you're
assisting someone in surgery,
normal surgery, someone would
be like, scalpel, hemostat,
whatever.
And with this, it's just--
it's so fluid.
You already know what they need.
It's like you're already--
it's already there, the message.
And it's not a
voice or anything.
And it's very important,
when you do telepathy,
that you ground yourself
before you go into these CE-5s,
or if you're going to
meet an extraterrestrial,
because they pick up
on your vibration.
They pick up on the
frequency of emotion
because telepathy is
based off emotion.
That's where it spawns from.
And if you just had a
fight with your loved one,
and then you're
going to go to work,
and I'm going to walk up to
the table and say, (GENTLY)
hello, how are you today.
Telepathically, it's going
to be like, (AGGRESSIVELY)
hello, how are you today?
So they pick up on the
energy of the emotion
that you have within you.
So you really have
to center yourself,
and clear yourself, and
get your head straight
before you go in there
because you don't want
to give off the wrong vibe.
They're smart
enough to know this.
And there's many different
levels of extraterrestrials.
On the board today, I
just wanted to like--
every person that talked
on there, I was like--
I just wanted to say something.
But I got to respect
my colleagues.
So there's many
different levels of IQ
and consciousness of
extraterrestrials.
So you might have an
extraterrestrial group with you
that's 2000 years more advanced.
You might have one that's
500,000 more advanced.
1 billion years in advance.
And they can perform
on themselves,
and turn themselves into
a light body immediately.
Or they can turn themselves into
Paola or Robert [INAUDIBLE],,
I mean, bam, like that.
They have this ability to--
because they have mastered
this interdimensional atomic
level that I can't really
explain.
But Nassim does it way better.
>> Did you really say to them,
hello, how are you today?
Or did you just walk in, and
do your job, and walk out?
>> Oh, no.
It was very cordial.
There was always
communication going on.
And I told everyone,
whoever was at the board,
saw the panel today,
it was very funny.
Because I remember
one Friday night,
I was so excited to get out of
there because I had a hot date.
And I was like, man.
And I just remember him
saying, oh, have fun tonight.
And I just was like, hmm.
And I just started laughing,
I mean, laughing, laughing,
laughing.
>> Because he read you
very clearly, didn't he?
>> He knew I wanted
to get out of there.
And he knew everything
I was doing that week,
and I had plans.
I mean, it was just a picnic
on my fast bike, but hey.
>> Yeah, you told me
another story once,
which really got to my heart.
And that is you said, you were
in the room working with one.
And you wanted water, like
you're going to get right now.
And you said, that
the being knew
you wanted the bottle of water.
And before he even reached
for it, the being reached--
>> The being gave me the water.
>> Gave him the water.
>> And it was like, it was so
fast and weird, milliseconds.
It was like, I didn't
even finish the word water
in my brain, like where's some--
and I went-- and here it is.
I didn't even finish it.
And I make all my
students, when we
go on close encounters
of the 5th kind
and contact ETs out in
the middle of nowhere,
I make everyone memorize
about 300 questions.
Because when the ETs, if
they do come, within point--
I think we measured it--
0.03 seconds, all 300
questions are answered.
And then you're
standing there like--
you're either laughing,
crying, or smiling
because you want to ask, now,
one billion more questions.
And you can't.
It's just not-- it's not nice.
And you don't run up to an
ET and take a picture of him.
You always ask, may I
take a picture of you?
And I'm the one who took
the light being picture,
the most famous,
as the Navy said,
the most famous civilian
picture ever taken
of an extraterrestrial
on Boca Grande Island
during a CE-5 with a
Mr. Greer, and myself,
and 55 people out there.
And you're going to be privy
to that very soon, by the way.
This picture is going to be able
to be accessed by all of you.
And it came-- the craft
came up on the shore.
And it was about three
feet in front of me.
It was about 12
inches in diameter.
The being itself was
maybe eight inches high.
And it looked like a
teardrop with a halo around.
It had a heart chakra and a
line through the center of it.
Has anyone seen
this picture online?
All right.
Well, you're going to see it
at our booth at zerocross.co
here, if you're coming
to the next conference.
So check that out.
And it'll probably also on
zerocross.co on the website
here pretty soon.
So what I did is I made--
a couple of artists
made some renditions
of the actual picture.
So I'm going to show you
the real picture online.
And then I'm, at
the same time, you
can buy these posters if
you'd like to donate to us,
and check it out.
And because they come
in the form of light--
we're all light beings.
We're all at this
vibration, our DNA.
We're a crystalline structure.
We're no different than
a radio, to be honest.
And that's why a lot
of us are affected
by lights, and EMF fields,
and things like this
because it disrupts our body.
But have no fear, it makes
us stronger generation
to generation to
generation, all right?
Security, what was that?
A battery change?
Good?
All right.
>> OK, the thing is
that everybody's curious
because very, very rarely do
you meet people, insiders,
or people that have
had these experiences.
And in the field,
we've categorized
all ETs as reptilians,
grays, and Nordics, I mean,
really simple.
Shove them in a box.
That's what they are.
Can you describe for
the general public--
because this is a
question I would ask--
some of the personalities,
some of the beings?
Now, they were working with you.
You said something really
interesting this morning.
You said some of these
crashes are intentional so we
learn about the technology.
I've heard that
before in my research.
Some of these crashes are
intentional because they're
helping us evolve.
So they give us the--
hopefully, that we
have conscience to develop the
technology for good, hopefully.
But can you talk about
their intentions,
and describe several
of these beings?
You said 300 different--
I heard you say, 300
different kinds of beings.
>> Well, the beings are
unlimited on the amount
of beings.
I'm aware of about
300 different races.
Now, we're a human
race, kind of.
And one of the things I
learned through the projects,
when we took DNA, was
that extraterrestrials
had human DNA in them.
Hmm.
Why--
>> Isn't that interesting?
That would change our whole
entire field, wouldn't it?
>> So that told me--
and I helped develop the
database for the projects
to collect many specimen
and different races of DNA
that, hopefully, they'll release
in the next 24 months, I hope,
which will answer a lot
of different things.
Because the biggest question
I get is number one, Emery,
are you an ET?
Or I think I'm an ET because I
just don't fit in around here.
And no one fits in
because you're not--
you're of this place,
but you're not from here
because everyone has different
percentages, actually,
of extraterrestrial DNA in you,
from all over the galaxies.
So think about
that for a moment.
And that's proven already.
But they don't want
you to know that.
And whether we were made by the
Anunnaki, or made by whatever,
you are from the stars.
You are stardust.
Getting back to the question,
sorry, I went on a tangent.
>> I know, but you
also said-- no, no,
this is something
that we need to hear.
And by the way, it's
not just Anunnaki.
I don't think the Native
Americans believe that they
come from the Anunnaki.
But anyway, try to broaden
your minds on this subject,
and study a little bit more.
We can't just do
things in boxes.
Everybody comes
from the Anunnaki.
And then you have
the Lakota who say
they come from the Pleiades.
So you had mentioned,
which really interested me,
because also Clifford
Stone had told me this,
that some of these
crashes are intentional so
that we can develop technologies
that may help the planet.
Whether we use it that way
or not is a different story.
>> I've been on multiple
crash sites and have collected
materials.
We wall it off, treat it like
a forensic type, murder type
situation, like you see on TV.
And I get called in to look
at the craft, number one,
look at the bodies from afar.
We have satellites
that are like--
can zoom in right here
and see the carpet fiber
through clouds.
So we have so much
amazing technology
before we get there because
it can be very dangerous.
It could be radiation.
Or it could be chemical,
biological things.
We have air scrubbers that suck
the air from around the area
before we even get in there.
And then we run those samples
through these machines
to see if there is some
sort of harmful thing
that could hurt the team
going in to investigate.
It's a huge thing.
At the same time, they're
covering everything up,
blocking the roads.
The police and the
fire departments
have special codes,
and stuff, that
are in their protocols
of things like this.
And of course, they blame it
on, like, a train spilled over,
or a truck with
chemicals blew up.
Or they always cover up
with some silly story.
And then everyone,
like in "Close
in Encounters of
the Third Kind,"
they did something like that.
But that's real.
And that's what they do.
And that's what we do.
So we go in there.
And there might be a piece of
metal, or a shard of material,
or a limb, or a
being laying down
that needs to be resuscitated.
And since the teams
that come out here
have been in the
projects, and we're
familiar with the
exobiology of these beings--
I'm an exobiologist.
So we know what's safe to
touch, what's not safe to touch.
We also know-- is
that a weapon, or is
that a device used to do
something else for the craft?
The most interesting
thing we found out
is if we take the being,
and it's alive, somewhat,
and we resuscitate it--
or right now, we always
try to keep them alive.
We don't put them
in the oil drums
anymore with formaldehyde,
and ship them to Groom Lake.
And then they get there.
And there's nothing there
left because it dissolved
because they don't understand
that a lot of beings
have to be under a
certain atmosphere.
They breathe different
gases than we do.
So we're learning,
also, how to recreate
these atmospheres to keep the
beings alive and to save them.
And we'll get into that in a
second, why they do all this.
And so we go out there.
And we might see a
piece of something,
and they don't know what it is.
So we'll, in a sterile
fashion, collect
this piece of equipment, or
part of the wreckage, of course,
try to save the passengers
that were on this.
And we noticed a few
of these passengers
were actually not completely
organic, I'll say.
They were more like
cybernetic mixed with tissue.
And some of them were clones
with nanotechnology in them.
And we found out later
that a lot of the stuff,
like these cameras here, and
everything else we have--
unfortunately,
guys, we're not that
smart to make a plasma screen.
But it's all reverse engineered.
There's a little
bit of everything
that you see, especially
with electronics,
that has been reverse engineered
from extraterrestrial vehicles,
and extraterrestrial
DNA, and things like this
that we have collected.
We now have a program that's
been going on for 10 years,
up in space.
And it's space salvaging.
And we're bringing back parts
of craft and other things
from outer space.
And this is an
ongoing thing daily.
And we do have
other space stations
that are up there that
you don't know about.
That these people that are
working on the salvaging crews
are collecting stuff, and then
sending it back down here,
so we can analyze it, reproduce
it, and make amazing materials.
And that's why you hear
new materials coming out
all the time.
Since I've come forward--
what was it-- a year and
two months ago, I think,
a year and two months-- oh, my
gosh, has it been that long?
The November before last--
that over 50 different
things that I've spoke about
on Gaia TV have been, now,
in the news, reported,
like new materials, new medical
equipment because they're like,
oh, man, it's already out there.
You already said it.
Corporations are fighting
over the patents.
They want to make it.
So it's good.
So they're listening.
So we're evolving a little bit
faster because of all of you.
>> Also is this transnational?
This is global.
It isn't just the United States
that's doing this, right?
It's transnational that's
interested in this?
>> We have-- the
Vatican has their place.
Australia's got their place.
China, and Russia, and
we have our places.
And they are corporate driven.
It's not government.
It's not the--
>> It's not the governments.
>> It's not United States
Air Force that has a facility
that's doing all this.
They're protecting
the facilities
at these military bases
or government land.
The government owned land,
especially Indian reservations,
have a lot of
underground facilities
because they want to not
have a lot of traffic
going through there.
That's why Indian reservations
have their own police
departments, and
things like this.
And that's another good
point to point out,
that a lot of these facilities
are on national park lands,
and BLM lands, and
Indian reservations,
and military bases.
>> And you said that it's
an industrial program.
>> Right, it's an
industrial military complex.
But it's not military as--
it's militarized.
But it's a private militarized
is what I'm saying.
>> OK, going back to what
you were going to talk about
because I'm going to remind you.
You said that the beings were
resuscitated for a reason,
and that you were going
to tell us later on.
What was the reason
to resuscitate
all these different beings?
I mean, what do they want to do?
What's--
>> Well, you're talking
about a highly evolved human.
You're talking about you
guys 100,000 years from now.
We can learn a lot
about someone like us
that's 100,000 years
more advanced and older.
We can look at your
DNA, fill in the gaps,
make sure we never
get sick, develop
special synthetic proteins,
and genome sequencing,
and things like this.
Big pharma has a huge
control over all of this.
So many things are
cured by these,
by collecting specimens--
>> Of ETs.
>> --of extraterrestrials, and
also craft, and other devices.
>> Could they regenerate limbs?
Do they regenerate anything?
>> Oh, yeah, absolutely.
I mean, we've been able
to do that forever.
We have 3D printers.
We can print bodies now.
The biggest thing--
it's funny because I
started talking about 3D
printing a year ago for organs.
And they just came out,
like a month ago, and said,
we just 3D printed an ear.
But it's like,
yeah, that's cool.
But you know what?
They don't say-- the
news doesn't tell you how
they do it, which I don't like.
They're using
cellulose, and collagen.
And I could go into the
scientific parts of it.
Or we're using growth
factors and stem cells
to do this with your own tissue.
So I just need a little
bit of your tissue,
and then have a scaffolding
of cellulose, and collagen,
and then make your own ear.
But the coolest thing is we
can make your own organs.
Now, China's over there making
clones and growing people
to kill them because
33 people a day
die over there waiting to be--
waiting for an organ
transplant, which for me,
I can't really agree with
that because it's a person.
>> Yeah.
And what was amazing,
when you start
getting into your medical
self because you have
all this knowledge, is you
were saying that we have,
today, the ability to not
only regenerate ourselves,
our tissue, our teeth.
Or you don't have to
have a prosthetic arm.
You could regenerate
these things.
But you also say
we have the cures
for a lot of the diseases.
>> Yeah, I mean, I met
the guy who invented HIV.
I met the guy who cured HIV.
There's a lot of viruses that
come out new all the time.
It's just for testing.
It's for sale to countries
and terrorist groups.
And if you have ever
walked through a bus
station, or an airport, or a
major city, or pass by a camera
under a red light,
they pretty much
have your DNA signature, which
is pretty much all of you.
And that DNA signature,
every one of you
give off a different frequency.
And this frequency
is in a database.
And this is a control thing.
And it also has to do with race.
It's political too.
So they can actually
send down a frequency
to this exact individual,
or beam the whole thing
through seven satellites over
the whole planet, just this one
frequency, to know
exactly that you're
sitting in this
chair in front of me,
and then stop your heart.
I mean, this is beyond
scale, our infometry.
Read Tom Bearden's
book "Oblivion."
>> And you also mentioned they
could exterminate whole groups
of people because of
the signature of DNA.
>> Right.
So they can actually
terminate an entire race
due to its lineage, if
they really wanted to,
which is very scary.
So if they wanted a certain
race completely genocide,
they can actually
do that right now.
So this is a scary-- this is a
very scary and negative part,
which I don't like
talking about.
>> No, well, it's
not necessary--
because every technology has
a positive and negative use,
every technology.
And I know that in your
heart, your conversation
is 90% that you want to go
back into the biomedical
because you want to save--
you want to save people.
And you love-- you have a
passion for the medical.
And you know you
can help people.
And you want to develop
these positive technologies
to help people.
I mean, you've talked
to me about that,
that that's your real intention.
>> Yeah, I mean, honestly,
guys, no offense.
This is just a hobby for me.
I'm just telling
you my life story.
It's not-- it's just
something I wake up with,
like you guys do,
and go to work.
And this is what
had happened to me.
But it led me to these
inventions and these patents
that I can cure you with your
own cells from your own body.
I can concentrate the healing
properties of your body,
and put it into an area of your
body that needs it the most,
whether it's your
brain or your knee.
I decreased total knee
replacement and total hip
replacement by 55% in the
United States of America.
[APPLAUSE]
--just by concentrating
the growth factors
and platelets in your blood
and injecting it into the knee.
Orthopedic surgeons hated
me for the first five years
because they make about
$1,200 from insurance
for a total knee.
And that patient's
out a couple days.
And the PAs have to be there.
It's so much cost
for the hospital.
And I said, until--
I said, you know what?
You can charge a patient
$2,500 and use autologous
platelet rich plasma.
Autologous means it comes
from your own body, and not
someone else's blood.
And inject this
into this patient,
and regenerate the entire
knee before doing surgery,
or at least to prolong them
having surgery another 10
or 20 years, and guess what?
You can charge cash.
Oh.
Oh, now, they want to talk.
Well, I mean, I can
make-- they said--
because when I came
out with my device,
it wasn't covered by insurance.
It's FDA 510(k) approved.
But the insurance
doesn't want that.
Big pharma doesn't want that.
They want you taking the
pills, and putting the creams,
and doing the steroid
injections, which, by the way,
break down tenocytes.
So the whole steroid
injections thing,
I don't even understand this
because we've already proven
it breaks down tenocytes.
So it actually makes it worse.
Now, I'm not saying that
a 90-year-old, someone
over 90 years of age who
has a hard time grabbing
the cornflakes out of the
cabinet, is in a lot of pain,
then yeah, go ahead,
and get the pain gone.
But they're not treating
the actual issue.
You're taking the pain
away for three months.
And it's going to come back.
And it's going to
be 10 times worse.
And now, you need a
shoulder scope by the way.
So it's this horrible circle
in the medical field of,
we're going to treat you now.
But you're still going to
have to come back and get
another treatment, then
probably surgery, and then maybe
another surgery later
on 10 years later.
So it's just a very vicious
circle with the American
Medical Association.
And I've been
fighting them forever.
But the thing is,
we're changing.
And the newer children coming
out of the universities
are, well, they're
very conscious.
And they're like, you know what?
I just went through all
this medical school.
And I still can't, especially
in sports medicine,
there's nothing here to
actually cure the patient.
This is just to get by.
So by inventing
these things, you
have everything you need in
your body to heal yourself, OK?
It's not under some
rock in the Amazon, OK?
It's not some little
fungi, or something.
And big pharma hates
when I say this.
You have everything you need
in your body to heal itself.
And sometimes, we're just
not at the right voltage
for our cells to work properly.
And that's another thing
because we're constantly
being bombarded by the lights,
by all the 4G, 5G, everything.
But like I said before,
it is strengthening
us and our lineage.
So our children's children
will be super strong.
And that's why the
ETs look down at us.
And I look up at them
like they're superheroes.
But we're the superheroes.
They think we're
the superheroes.
They're like, look
at all the crap
these guys have been through.
We have been stunted for
100 years of technology
since Tesla.
And we're still here.
We're still using
gas, coal, and oil.
>> We're still plugging away.
We're still plugging away.
I'm going to lead
you into another area
right now because you
have so much to share.
I mean, and you watch
the Gaia episodes.
People are always asking me
about portals, or portals,
or whatever, and how you can--
you talked about the natural
ones and the created ones
because you said to go
to this other level,
this other dimension,
you had to go
through this almost
mysterious atmosphere
to collect specimens.
And it wasn't always
tissue specimens.
Some of it was flora and fauna.
In fact, your story of taking
some kind of plant that
can adhere to your
body, like a Band-Aid,
was-- can you tell that story--
going through the portal,
and getting that kind of
specimen, and what it does?
>> Has that aired
already, that episode?
Olivia?
About the plant
that eats people?
>> No it hasn't.
>> That hasn't?
Oh, OK.
I can't talk about that yet.
>> OK, then can--
>> How many of you
watch Gaia, me on Gaia?
Raise the hands.
OK.
All right.
>> Can you talk about
any portal experience?
>> Well, I can't
talk about that.
>> Can't talk about the plant.
>> But I'll talk--
I will talk about the portals.
So there are areas
on the planet that
have natural portals that
have been here for millions
and millions of years.
And that has to do with the
Earth, and the ley lines,
and different
axises of the Earth,
and also the astrological
alignment for these things
to open and close
at certain times.
So a lot of bases are
built on these areas,
where they will build a man-made
portal technology on top of--
above the area where
this other real portal
exists because
they're harvesting
the energy from that.
And this has been going
on, by the way for--
when I was there in
'93, they already
had two decades
of videos of teams
going through these
portals to unknown places
and collecting specimens.
And I'm--
>> Could some of them be
planets, unknown planets?
>> Well, I can't truthfully
say because we were debriefed
to an extent.
And we're not
allowed to ask that.
And I did not--
I was not allowed to
ask that, number one.
And I do really--
I do not know.
And the only ones I did
know were inter-Earth ones.
>> Inter-Earth.
>> That was real.
That was definitely real.
So the inter-planet--
I'll say, the other
places that we went with these
teams of usually seven people,
and you walk through this veil.
And it's just a little blurry,
kind of like Saran wrap.
It's not like you see in the
movies, like all this light.
And it's like, you're
instantaneously somewhere else.
And it's the most-- some of
the most beautiful things
I have ever seen.
And it can be very
dangerous as well.
And we also have-- we can
take metal with us and drones.
So we have a lot of
drones that come with us,
and robots, and cyborgs, and
all sorts of weird things
that are on wheels that help
carry a lot of this stuff.
We also take canine units
that are specially equipped
in suits.
And depending on the
atmosphere that we
go to decides if we are going to
be completely fully suited up,
or the atmosphere is safe to
breathe, and things like this.
It takes about two months
to get trained to go
to a specific place that
has already been visited.
So I never went to a place
that was not already visited,
that was not already recorded.
So we got to see many missions
and many hours of video footage
before going to this
place from past missions.
So we know what
this plant is OK.
We know that don't
touch that rock.
We know that liquid,
stay away from.
We know if you hear
this, that, or the other.
So the dogs are
brought in because they
can smell, number one, a
lot better than we can,
special gases, and
things like this.
And they can also
hear frequencies
and predict earthquakes
and storms that are coming,
that might just come.
It might be the most beautiful
day out when you get there.
And five seconds later,
you're in a hurricane.
So it's a very--
we have all this equipment
and these cool little robotic
devices that have
these big wheels.
And they come in,
kind of like a Rover
you see, but way more advanced
than the stuff you see on Mars.
That's like a joke for me.
That's like a cartoon thing.
And then we put these
poles in the ground.
And then the poles on the
computer scans the entire area.
It's like a radar.
And in our helmets,
we can see each other.
And we know where
everyone's at, at all times,
in case someone falls
into a situation.
Because there's been
some times, like when
you go to the dry
salt flats, you
know how that's really cracked?
Those little cracks
are all over the place.
You guys know what
I'm talking about?
Wake up.
Right.
[LAUGHTER]
And you might think
that's solid ground.
And we've lost people.
And you'll be walking and boom.
They just fell 1800
feet through this thing.
And they're gone.
So this scanner scans
backscattered, low biometric
waves down into the ground.
And so now, we know
where we can walk.
We have a whole
three-dimensional map
of the whole place.
And we learn this
before we go there.
But on past missions, they
found out the hard way,
unfortunately.
>> So you've lost a man in them.
>> Many people.
I was just contacted
recently by this corporation
to come back and do a mission.
And I said, why?
And they said, we
had a incident.
And these are my friends
that I've known for 20 years.
I said, what happened?
And they all perished
in this mission.
So because of my
position here right now,
I have a mission
to clean the earth,
and to help you guys
out, and help the world.
I thought it was my best
interest to keep doing this.
[APPLAUSE]
>> And actually, we don't
have very much time left.
But he just read my mind because
we have less than about--
we have five minutes, Emery.
And we have had
long conversations.
And what would you
like the world to know?
What would you like
the people to know?
Because this is being
broadcast all over the world.
Because he's got a big heart.
He really has a big heart.
You can get that from Emery.
People have said that to me.
What is it in the
last five minutes
that you'd like to communicate?
>> Well, everyone needs
to know, there's hope.
And we're really on
a great trajectory.
And if you want to
go be the black wolf,
and go with doom and
gloom, well, go ahead.
That's not going to serve us.
How does that serve?
So let's be the white wolf.
And let's move forward.
Let's get to the stars, and
meet our brothers and sisters.
Let's clean this planet up.
Let's clean these oceans up.
Let's clean the animals up.
[APPLAUSE]
Without the oceans that
give us all the oxygen--
that we're destroying at
a incredible rate, OK?
Yes, ETs exist, yes, UFOs,
and ETVs, and all that.
It's going to be shown to us.
They can't--
Antarctica is melting.
I think it's
already shooting up.
They can't cover it
up that much longer.
So get over that.
But let's take care of our home.
Because if we don't
take care of our home,
we're going to be casted off.
Mother Earth is not going
to put up with us anymore.
I guarantee it.
And let's get up there.
Who wants to go with me?
[LAUGHING]
[APPLAUSE]
We are going to
do this together.
I am definitely
going to do this.
And we're going to get there.
But we got to do it together.
>> OK, thank you so much.
Thank you so much.
[APPLAUSE]
>> I love you guys.
Thank you so much for coming.
[MUSIC PLAYING]